Keith Kalfas in the office catching up
on some paperwork because it's pouring
like crazy outside and I want to stop in
and talk about business but some deep
stuff I'll get right into it whatever
you're experiencing inside of yourself
is gonna mirror effect and manifest in
your business moment by moment in real
time if you are going through stress or
anxiety or difficulties than anything
it'll instantly manifest in your
business so if you're having a great
time and you feel abundant I know you've
heard that type of language you feel
wealthy and you feel like everything is
just going your way that's what's gonna
happen in your business it's very
interesting how things domino effect a
downward spiral creates a downward
spiral and it gets faster and faster
like a swirl and then you go through a
swirl but an upward spiral of feeling
successful and dominating creates more
of that and the question is when you're
going into a downward spiral when you
hit the brakes and you're trying to hit
the brakes on it it almost does nothing
the brakes go to the floor and you keep
going faster into the downward spiral
and I'm beginning to learn and see as
I've been through this a lot myself the
only way out of a downward spiral and to
stop the bleeding or to stop the
suffering or the bad stuff from
happening is the hit rock bottom as fast
as you can and just literally completely
give up and surrender surrender 100% to
the chaos and your business and your
resistance to it and say it is what it
is it is what it is and literally laugh
and just do what you can let go just let
go and let it take its course go with
the flow and just let it happen and
that's the only way that you're gonna be
able to get back on track and let think
good things start happening again in
your business the more you resist it the
the worse it'll get and that's how you
learn from it - it goes through these
cycles like a pendulum shifts back and
forth and Anthony Robbins said the
quality of your life is directly
proportional to the amount of
uncertainty you can comfortably live
with I'm said again the quality of your
life is directly proportional to the
amount of uncertainty you can
comfortably live with you want to talk
about uncertainty start a small business
there's no amount of lessons and I've
ever experienced in my life
no college you know anything that
compares to running a small business the
amount of stress and uncertainty you go
through to change the plan it doesn't
matter if you got a plan it's changing
minute by minute by minute every minute
your plan is changing you try to do one
thing this breaks down you go to fix it
this happens then this happens then this
happens it's like playing Tetris on
level 50 ever played Tetris on level 50
it's constantly moving and shifting and
changing there's no certainty you can
have your systems and sequences in place
but and think about we're doing
something that's forgiving we're cutting
lawns we're trimming shrubs things like
that you messed something up it grows
back it's not like you're you know doing
surgery on somebody that takes a totally
different level of mindset but yeah if
you're going through any struggle with
your business give up surrender do the
best you can and the only way you can
get to the next level is through
leverage and leadership leverage and
leadership if you're freaking out and
obsessing over your own problems you're
not going to get anything done you have
to find a way to leverage and if it's
your prices are too low you gotta hit a
certain point say I have to make this
or I can't do it and I don't care if
everything falls apart because this is
what it is for some reason when you hit
that point where you're just you're dumb
like you're like done I'm going for
broke I have to make this much in order
to make this work that's all there is to
it for some reason that makes it start
working you start getting what you want
I don't know what it is but the feeling
of gripping or reaching or suffocating
whatever those feelings are they create
lack in your business they create
brokenness because it's broken thinking
thinking because the natural state is
abundance our natural state is to be
happy and healthy you feel free and make
good money we're supposed to take a
beach ball and hold it underneath the
water in a pool you ever do that when
you're a kid and you let go
pop it pops back up to the top because
that's this natural state you're forcing
something there's power in there's force
power versus force there's power and
then there's force what things in your
life are you forcing unfortunately the
financial monetary the derivatives the
fiat currency the gold standard I'm very
aware of all stuff I want to get into
that here unfortunately the world we
live in has some controls without going
too deep and you know I'm talking about
that but
I don't like any of that stuff because
that's a totally different and I think
it's just got it just rubs with
negativity it's good to be aware of it
but anyways the natural state is to be
abundant you gotta let go I've already
said this a million times and Audi I am
get back to work later